Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: trigger_informer_scan
Version: 0.1
Summary: Trigger scans in Informer via your CI/CD pipeline
Home-page: UNKNOWN
Author: Paul Collingwood
Author-email: paul.collingwood@informer.io
License: UNKNOWN
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Requires-Python: >=3.6
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
License-File: LICENSE

Informer.io Scan Trigger Library

This library is designed to trigger a scan in the Informer.io platform.
It is particularly useful for automated workflows, as it allows users to initiate scans programmatically.


Overview

When triggered, the library initiates a "once" scan against all related assets specified in a test within the Informer.io platform.
It is designed to work with unique test UUIDs that correspond to specific sets of assets.

Features

    Trigger Scans Programmatically: Automate your scan initiation process.
    Unique Test UUIDs: Each test in the Informer.io platform has a unique ID that this library uses to trigger scans.
    Error Logging: Any failures or errors encountered during the scan initiation are logged for troubleshooting.

Usage Instructions

There are two primary methods to use this library:
1. Using an Environment Variable

Set the INFORMER_TEST_UUID environment variable to the UUID of the test that contains the related assets for your deployment.
This UUID can be found in the test detail pane within the Informer.io platform.

Setting the Environment Variable

export INFORMER_TEST_UUID=your-unique-test-uuid

Triggering the Scan

Once the environment variable is set, trigger the scan with the following command:

triggerInformerScan

2. Passing the UUID as an Argument

Alternatively, you can directly pass the UUID as an argument to the script.
Triggering the Scan with an Argument

triggerInformerScan -u your-unique-test-uuid

Limitations

    Frequency of Scans: Only one "once" scan can be triggered per 24-hour period per test.
    Error Reporting: All errors are reported through logs. The library does not halt the execution but logs the failure details.

Finding the UUID

Each test in Informer.io has a unique UUID. To find this:

    Navigate to the test detail pane in the Informer.io platform.
    Look for a UUID, which uniquely identifies each test.
    Use this UUID with the library to trigger scans on the related assets.

